Make options a list again (#15)
cbor-wg/cbor-dns: draft-lenders-dns-cbor.md

The UDP payload size may be the first element as an unsigned integer in the array.
It MUST be elided if its value is the default value of 512, the maximum allowable size for unextended DNS over UDP (see {{Sections 2.3.4 and 4.2.1 of -dns}}).

> The next element is a array of tuples of the options, with the option code (unsigned integer) being the tuple element and the option data (byte string) as second and last tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next element is a array of tuples of the options, with the option code (unsigned integer) being the first tuple element and the option data (byte string) being the second tuple element.
```

Does that match what you are trying to say?

Author: I actually wanted to include as well, that the tuple has exactly 2 elements.... but maybe this can be done with

```suggestion
The next element is a array of 2-tuples of the options, with the option code (unsigned integer) being the first tuple element and the option data (byte string) being the second tuple.
```
?
